split/readme.md, before:

Hey Friend 👋

Thanks for downloading the **Split One Page HTML template**. Split is a centrally-divided layout for a professional online presense with a big image image left with alongside content.

## Remove the CC3.0 license for only $5.
This HTML template holds a [CC3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) - meaning you can do whatever you want (even commercially) but you need to keep the template footer credit linking back to One Page Love. To remove the credit simply buy a license on the template download page on One Page Love:
[https://onepagelove.com/split](https://onepagelove.com/split)

## Useful links
- [Split Demo](https://demo.onepagelove.com/fullsingle-html/split)
- [Remove Split CC3.0 license](https://onepagelove.com/split) 

## Support
- Email me bugs or any requests on [rob@onepagelove.com](mailto:rob@onepagelove.com) and I'll try point you in the right direction :)

Cheers,  
Rob  
[@robhope](https://twitter.com/robhope)

ps. want to use Split with WordPress? Check out the free [FullSingle WordPress Plugin](https://onepagelove.com/go/fullsingle) that includes this layout.

Commit message:

v0.1.2 - Video Background added to Split Layout
- YouTube video background added
- Self-hosted video background added

split/readme.md, after:

Hey Friend 👋

Thanks for downloading the **Split One Page HTML template**. Split is a centrally-divided layout for a professional online presense with a big image or video left with alongside content.

## Remove the CC3.0 license for only $5.
This HTML template holds a [CC3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) - meaning you can do whatever you want (even commercially) but you need to keep the template footer credit linking back to One Page Love. To remove the credit simply buy a license on the template download page on One Page Love:
[https://onepagelove.com/split](https://onepagelove.com/split)

## Useful links
- [Split Demo](https://demo.onepagelove.com/fullsingle-html/split)
- [Split YouTube Video Demo](https://demo.onepagelove.com/fullsingle-html/split/index-youtube.html)
- [Split Self-Hosted Video Demo](https://demo.onepagelove.com/fullsingle-html/split/index-video-hosted.html)
- [Remove Split CC3.0 license](https://onepagelove.com/split) 

## Documentation

### Image Only ([demo](https://demo.onepagelove.com/fullsingle-html/split/))
- Replace the `background.jpg` image (with the same filename) in the `images` folder. If you want to use a PNG, simply edit the CSS in stylesheet

### YouTube Video ([demo](https://demo.onepagelove.com/fullsingle-html/split/index-youtube.html))
- Change the YouTube video ID with your YouTube video ID eg. `dk9uNWPP7EA`
- Make sure you keep the `/embed` URL and don't paste in a normal YouTube URL
- Tip: Also add your video ID to the `playlist` variable right at the end of the long YouTube string URL to ensure it loops

### Self-Hosted Video ([demo](https://demo.onepagelove.com/fullsingle-html/split/index-video-hosted.html))
- Replace the `background.mp4` video (with the same filename) in the `videos` folder. If you want to use a different filename, simply edit the code within the index-video-hosted.html file

## Credits
- [Girl Image](https://unsplash.com/photos/pAs4IM6OGWI) by Joe Gardner
- [Clouds Over Mountain Video](http://www.wedistill.io/videos/clouds-over-the-mountain-hd-stock-video) by John Guinn

## Support
- Email me bugs or any requests on [rob@onepagelove.com](mailto:rob@onepagelove.com) and I'll try point you in the right direction :)

Cheers,  
Rob  
[@robhope](https://twitter.com/robhope)

ps. want to use Split with WordPress? Check out the free [FullSingle WordPress Plugin](https://onepagelove.com/go/fullsingle) that includes this layout.
